completed codepen: https://codepen.io/charlesqian/pen/XWMVGKG

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML where the elements describe their meaning
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Marking up a web page to display certain elements as you want
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Something to describe what happens with a particular element, e.g. where a link should take you or where an image is coming from; in the starting tag 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The most important text that you want to emphasize on the page; once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Author's name, page title, links to any style sheets or something that is supposed to go on the page

    7. What is an id?
     It gives a name to a single element in HTML

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any 
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once 
    
    10. What is a class? 
    It's a name that you can use to style certain elements the same way 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target = "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It's a description for the image in case you can't see it or it doesn't load

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    div has no meaning and is used with other attributes; sections group together elements that should be displayed together

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Adding stylistic components to an HTML page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Put the element name and then {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Classes are used when you want multiple elements to share the same stylistic traits; IDs are used when you want a single element to have certain stylistic traits. For example, you could have a ton of paragraphs, but you could make all of the ones with directions in them blue font. In terms of an ID, you could have a particular header style set that you want to use, so you apply that to a header on the page.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Add a period in front of the class, like .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent > child; you can use it to style all elements that have such a relationship (like every paragraph inside a div)

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Something that you use for conditional formatting, like when text is hovered over

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:uppercase; text-transform:lowercase;text-transform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border-style:dotted;
        border-color:black;
        border-width:1px;
    }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm; because some systems don't give you an "are you sure" check before deleting

    34. Why should I use version control?
    It makes it easy to track changes and also you can go back to a version that works if you mess up code 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes or so and/or every time there is a meaningful change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Find the repository, fork the repository to your own account, clone it to your computer, create your own branch, open the local files, make edits to the code, commit the changes to your branch, push the completed work to the Github repository  

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 